Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to be able to add products to our wish list from.
Yeah, okay.
Not to do this, we have to go to the detail dietary and then the products on the score detail.
Fi and the reason for this is because we have already created the functionality.
Okay?
So what we can just do is you can see we have this icon button so we can alight.
To this OC use controller and see to copy.
And now we have to go to the design for each product and I think we have that in the widget.
There are three widgets and then products on the score model five.
Okay.
And now we have the high corn button of Iowa, which you're saying over here.
Right.
Okay.
So we can get rid.
Of this and we are then going to paste this.
And you can see currently we have this error.
This error, and it's can't be found.
Okay.
And we are going to be using this product right instead of the product list.
If you don't know what this is, again, you can just go back to that lecture where we did this, because
definitely you must have forgotten this.
But as a programmer, you can't become a full programmer doing something just once.
It is consistency.
Most of the time you have to repeat this up to 5 to 10 times in order for the codes to get used to you
or for you to be able to memorize all this.
Okay, so feel free to go back to that lecture in case you have forgotten what this is.
Okay, back to this.
And we are going to get rid of this product list and it sees the poor.
Per.
That's okay.
Sorry.
Products.
Okay.
And also, we have to import this a light and use control.
For some reason, it's taking some time.
Okay.
And this.
And we also do have to import which lists provide provider class.
Okay.
And you can see we also do need to import this, but unfortunately we can't ski to that, so we have
to import it manually.
Okay.
All right.
This is going to be important and very important from the collection.
Slash collection.
Then the death.
I think it is not being used.
We're just going to do this again.
And wait for the prediction.
And plus.
Collection.
Collection of this large collection that it has been used now.
Okay.
Great.
And we have to change this to product list.
Product list, sorry, products.
And this is going to be products.
And you can just copy this and paste this over via.
Has this ever.
Because this.
Is this?
Tis this and tis this.
We have no heroes currently.
And finally, when a user clicks on this and if it is the if it has been added, we want to update this
icon to the full civil rights icon.
Right.
And in order to update the UI, we have to use what a stateful widget.
So we have to convert this list widgets.
Stateful widgets.
So to do this, I light and use control dots converts to stateful widget.
And since we just recently converted each state widget, it is most of the time required we hold.
We start and hopefully understand and if you don't this number.
You just have to go back to the previous lecture to master it, master the codes, and be able to do
it yourself.
Yeah.
Let's go check this out.
Okay.
Make sure you are logging into the customer account.
And I think I have an account associated to email.
So at me email dot com and the password is BGR Embassy and log in.
Okay.
You just gonna wait for it to display the product's images first?
Click on this.
Okay.
I did.
Click on this.
Okay.
Some skill.
And we have currently had that this week on this week on this.
Click on this and go to profile.
Okay.
Click on.
Which this.
You can see some school.
Sims writes.
And if you don't if you don't understand anything, please note fully available to support you do all
to let me know if you have any doubts.
And lastly, you can see there's an icon over there, but there is a back horror icon, but we can't
see it since the scaffold, the services they have has a colour of of white.
So what we can do is we can change that colour.
To do that we have to go to the wish list screen.
With this screen and within the harbor.
It has a property known as icon, chain and icon.
Same.
I think you've seen this before.
I can't.
Same data, then.
Sorry, I can't.
Data.
Then it has a property known as color.
And we're just going to say colors that black is concerned as save.
And you're going to see that however we're.
Okay.
And I think this is way too dark.
I can just be black.
Okay.
Maybe get rid of.
Get rid of this font.
Okay.
And maybe font.
So with.
The boat.
Okay.
And we can also get rid of this on used and part.
Look, you can try and save.
Okay.
Cisco.
Maybe we could change the color.
Which is to say.
We can just go with this or you can maybe have another color.
Okay.
We call this God's little head.
And you can go back and it's working as expected.
Okay, guys.
See?